This is my first post! 

Intro:

I want to brief you, reader, on my background and interest in this career change. Besides playing with html on Myspace my first formal course was a Visual Basic intro to programming class in college. This was less to teach VB and more an intro into the mind of a programmer which really opened my eyes to the world of programming. External factors pushed me away from formal schooling but about 7 years ago I got way over my head trying to be an entrepreneur and learn web development at the same time and frankly got burnt out on both. The past few years through introspection and expanding my horizons I've re-learned how I myself learn and how to teach myself new things. My favorite examples are learning to build 3D printers and CNC machines or getting my amateur radio operators license. 2 years ago I met my wonderful partner and our experiences together has us set us on the path towards RV nomading and exploring the country before we choose a place to grow roots. This path has sparked a career change to go back into development. In broad strokes my development path begins with front end web development, moving towards full stack skills, and anything more will come with interest at that time; "we'll cross that bridge when we get there" an old boss would say. 

Mid-February I began a few online camps in Python and Kotlin before interviewing with a formal coding boot camp. I've chosen not to pursue this route but the interaction helped me pivot towards web development instead of android. I have since been working through a few resources in basic html/css. I write this first post on a day i can confidently start moving away from the tutorials and begin building real, albeit simple, websites. I may not be fully ready by some people's definitions but I learn best by doing and believe challenging myself is gong to bear the most fruit in the shortest amount of time. I switched to web development because of the amount of resources, easy learning curve, and quickest to begin making money with which will afford me the opportunity to network and learn more as i go. 

I'm not sure about the frequency of the blog. Could be daily, as I strive to have a learning session each day but the fact that life gets in the way will challenge my resolve.
